feat(curriculum): add Movie Ticket Booking Calculator workshop to Python cert (#64866)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-movie-ticket-booking-calculator/6960b8632b9544d1f57295f4.md

---
id: 6960b8632b9544d1f57295f4
title: Step 15
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-15
---

# --description--

Users between `18` and `21` can book tickets, but only when the `show_time` is not `Evening`.

> Use the `or` operator to add other conditions to your existing `if` statement. Then, use the `and` operator to combine both the conditions checking if `age` is greater than `18` and `show_time` is not `Evening`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `and` operator to build an expression checking if `age` is greater than `18` and `show_time` is not `Evening`. Use the `or` operator to combine it with the existing condition of the last `if` statement. Do not create new variables.
```

# --hints--

> The if statment condition should be `age >= 21 or age > 18 and show_time != 'Evening'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your last `if` statement condition should be `age >= 21 or age > 18 and show_time != 'Evening'`.
```
